Next one.
It's a little bit different.
Who wants to start this time?
Jamie.
>> So, you set up my alerts,
and it's runs a function.
>> Has not yet run anything but-
>> Yeah, but I assume it will next.
>> So myAlert we had to call
every time and then, yeah.
So help, I found a clue.
And then what happens, Michael?
>> Then you define another
function called alerter,
which actually sets an alert
with x as the argument and-
>> Doesn't do that yet.
It sets this but it doesn't actually
run the body of this function.
>> Yeah, that's right, okay.
>> Yeah, okay?
>> Yeah.
>> And then what happens next, Aisha?
>> Alert gets x passed into it.
>> What happens next?
So we define this and then what happens?
Time the alerter?
>> Yeah, so we call the set timeout.
And what happens with a set
timeout is alerter goes away into
somewhere deep in browser land.
And it's gonna get called
in a thousand seconds.
And the question is, what happens first?
The log or the alert?
>> The log.
>> Why?
>> Because alerter won't be run for
another thousand seconds.
>> Yeah, because it's asynchronous.
It will go away.
The alerter will call but it doesn't
block the execution of our function.
But alerter will still be called later and
sometime in the future, right?
We're used to that?
Nothing surprising?
>> To set Timeout, automatically call
a function without the parenthesis.
Without invoking it,
like it was just an automatic-
>> If you had put parentheses
here-
>> Yeah.
>> It would try to call
whatever this returns.
So it would call it first and then try
to call it again and it would mess up.
>> Okay, so
it just takes a function and then-
>> Yeah, and it calls it later, exactly.
Cuz you only wanna put the parentheses at
the moment you wanted to execute the body
of the function.
And so since this would return undefined,
we'd really be trying to
call undefined somewhere.
And we've all seen those values.
Undefined is not a function.